I used HTML5 and CSS for my construction of the basic website itself, including the layout and styling of it. I had common elements on every page, including the header, navigation bar and footer, all stored in the includes folder, so if I needed to change something in one of those elements and have it affect every page, all I would need to do is open the respective element and change it. I used PHP for the home page to include those common elements, but also used it for processing and submitting the recruitment form to my database, as well as processing the user login and fetching the rush data from the database and using it to populate the table on the login page. 
	I have protected content on the website, being a table of rushes using the information submitted by users on the recruitment page using an SQL database, under the login page using AJAX and cookies in conjunction to restrict user access unless they are currently logged in to the website using the username test and the password pass given in the criteria document. I use the GET method in unison with AJAX in the navbar, being used to fetch content from the server to switch between pages when a user clicks on a tab of the navbar. I use the POST method in submitting the recruitment form on the recruitment page in addition to submitting the user’s login data on the login page. As stated above, I use form data not just on the login page, but also on the recruitment page to give potential rushes the ability to submit their information to us for further contact. I use JavaScript on the recruitment page, where it is employed to error check the user input on the recruitment form to be submitted to the server.
	I have multiple photos on the brotherhood page, where I also used JQuery UI in order to make the photos draggable around the page, making it a more fun and usable page. I embedded a video as well as a photo on the philanthropy page, the video being a documenting of our most recent Dog Days philanthropy. I utilize JQuery in the navbar for navigating between pages, as well as on the login page for determining when and what button the user clicked and what action to take at that point. Once again, I use AJAX not just in the navbar for navigation of the website, but also combined with PHP to restrict the content on the login page. Lastly, my website is not trivial or a construct simply to meet the requirements of the given criteria. It is a fully functional website, which I used all of the criteria to assemble, that I will be bringing to the rest of my fraternity to see if they would like to begin using this as our primary website with only minor modifications. The link to my operational website is posted at the top of this document.
